welcome to the potty I am making my own
creations to help me capture the snare
solo upon them kitty naughty deeply
disappointing experiment come my
Tottie's they must can't just know that
only she can give us the formula to make
you through blue smurfs nobody can stop
me now master let me get Smurfette
oh we've got to find Smurfette are you
coming with us is a Smurfs but blue you
tell me sony pictures animation yes a
rescue mission you need all the help you
can get give me the Smurfette now Victor
you look fouled oh yes I did oh yes I
did summer here's my plan we tricked her
into acting like I then she'll tell us
the secret formula nutty nutty Murph it
could never be tricked into being one
oh no don't worry sniffs it doesn't
matter where you came from what matters
is who you choose to be I thought I had
a bad side Giggy
great and the smurfberries the smurfs 2
oh wow